# User Persona 1: Small Business Owner

**Role:** Small business owner who manages an online store.

**Bio:** Sarah is a 35-year-old entrepreneur who runs an online store selling
homemade crafts. She has a basic understanding of web development and has built
her own website using a website builder platform. However, she is experiencing
slow loading times and wants to improve her website's performance.

**Needs/Goals:** Sarah is looking for a reliable and affordable cloud hosting
provider that can support her growing business. She wants to have full control
over her server configuration, with access to a variety of tools and features to
optimize her website's performance.

**Frustrations:** Sarah is concerned about the cost of cloud hosting and wants
to ensure that she is getting a good value for her money. She is also worried
about the complexity of managing a cloud server and wants a provider that offers
user-friendly tools and resources.

**Scenario 1:** Sarah comes across the Loruki website while searching for cloud
hosting providers online. She is impressed by the range of features offered,
including fast loading times and scalable resources. She signs up for an account
and is pleased with the user-friendly control panel and website optimization
tools offered. She also appreciates the excellent customer support she receives
when she has a question about configuring her server.

# User Persona 2: Web Developer

**Role:** Web developer who builds custom websites and web applications.

**Bio:** Alex is a 30-year-old freelance web developer who works with multiple
clients. He specializes in creating custom websites and web applications and is
always looking for reliable hosting providers that can support his projects.

**Needs/Goals:** Alex is looking for a cloud hosting provider that can offer him
the flexibility and scalability he needs to build and deploy his web
applications. He is also interested in a provider that offers robust security
features to ensure that his clients' data is protected.

**Frustrations:** Alex has had bad experiences with hosting providers in the
past, including slow loading times, unreliable uptime, and poor customer
support. He is looking for a provider that can offer him fast and reliable
hosting, with 24/7 customer support.

**Scenario 1:** Alex comes across the Loruki website while searching for cloud
hosting providers online. He is impressed by the range of features offered, as
well as the fast loading times and reliable uptime. He decides to sign up for an
account and is pleased with the excellent customer support he receives when he
has a question about configuring his server.

# User Persona 3: Tech Student

**Role:** College student who is interested in learning more about web
development.

**Bio:** Maria is a 22-year-old college student who is studying computer
science. She is interested in learning more about web development and wants to
build her own website as a personal project.

**Needs/Goals:** Maria is looking for a cloud hosting provider that can offer
her affordable and reliable hosting for her website. She is also interested in a
provider that offers user-friendly tools and resources to help her learn more
about web development.

**Frustrations:** Maria is new to cloud hosting and is worried about choosing
the wrong provider. She is concerned about the cost and potential downtime, and
she wants to ensure that her website is secure.

**Scenario 1:** Maria comes across the Loruki website while searching for cloud
hosting providers online. She is impressed by the affordable pricing plans and
user-friendly control panel offered. She decides to sign up for an account and
is pleased with the helpful resources provided to help her get started with web
development.
